Documentation improvement for Ceph External Cluster (#5946)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-cluster-crd.md

> **WARNING**: If no cluster is managed by the current Rook Operator, you need to inject `common.yaml`, then modify `cluster-external.yaml` and specify `rook-ceph` as `namespace`.

If this is successfull you will see the CepCluster status as connected.

```console
kubectl get CephCluster -n rook-ceph-external
NAME                 DATADIRHOSTPATH   MONCOUNT   AGE    STATE       HEALTH
rook-ceph-external   /var/lib/rook                162m   Connected   HEALTH_OK
```

Before you create a StorageClass with this cluster you will need to create a Pool in your external Ceph Cluster.

#### Example StorageClass based on external Ceph Pool

> In Ceph Cluster let us list the pools available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ceph Cluster let us list the pools available:
```

```console

> rados df

Reviewer: I'd use `ceph osd lspools`

Author: Yes this is also fine; What I wanted was to check if the PV created was writing to external cluster, as last time I tested it was in rook-ceph and I thought all was well

After creation you will see a bump in size, and after some data is written
```
[root@ceph-1 ~]# ssh -i alex_ee.pem ceph-2 rados df
POOL_NAME        USED OBJECTS CLONES COPIES MISSING_ON_PRIMARY UNFOUND DEGRADED RD_OPS      RD WR_OPS     WR USED COMPR UNDER COMPR 
replicated_2g 151 MiB      27      0     81                  0       0        0    137 2.2 MiB     93 50 MiB        0 B         0 B 
```

Reviewer: Works for me!

POOL_NAME     USED OBJECTS CLONES COPIES MISSING_ON_PRIMARY UNFOUND DEGRADED RD_OPS  RD WR_OPS  WR USED COMPR UNDER COMPR 
replicated_2g  0 B       0      0      0                  0       0        0      0 0 B      0 0 B        0 B         0 B 
```

> Here is an example StorageClass configuration that uses the 'replicated_2g' pool from the external cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example StorageClass configuration that uses the `replicated_2g` pool from the external cluster:
```

provisioner: rook-ceph.rbd.csi.ceph.com
parameters:
    # clusterID is the namespace where the rook cluster is running
    clusterID: rook-ceph-external
    # Ceph pool into which the RBD image shall be created
    pool: replicated_2g

    # RBD image format. Defaults to "2".
    imageFormat: "2"

    # RBD image features. Available for imageFormat: "2". CSI RBD currently supports only `layering` feature.
    imageFeatures: layering

    # The secrets contain Ceph admin credentials.
    csi.storage.k8s.io/provisioner-secret-name: rook-csi-rbd-provisioner
    csi.storage.k8s.io/provisioner-secret-namespace: rook-ceph-external
    csi.storage.k8s.io/node-stage-secret-name: rook-csi-rbd-node
    csi.storage.k8s.io/node-stage-secret-namespace: rook-ceph-external

    # Specify the filesystem type of the volume. If not specified, csi-provisioner
    # will set default as `ext4`. Note that `xfs` is not recommended due to potential deadlock
    # in hyperconverged settings where the volume is mounted on the same node as the osds.
    csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype: ext4

# Delete the rbd volume when a PVC is deleted
reclaimPolicy: Delete
allowVolumeExpansion: true
EOF
```

> You can now create persistant volume based on this StorageClass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create a persistent volume based on this StorageClass.
```
